Add leopard react (#288)
Picovoice/leopard: binding/react/README.md

# Leopard Binding for React

## Leopard Speech-to-Text Engine

Made in Vancouver, Canada by [Picovoice](https://picovoice.ai)

Leopard is an on-device speech-to-text engine. Leopard is:

- Private; All voice processing runs locally.
- [Accurate](https://picovoice.ai/docs/benchmark/stt/)
- [Compact and Computationally-Efficient](https://github.com/Picovoice/speech-to-text-benchmark#rtf)
- Cross-Platform:
  - Linux (x86_64), macOS (x86_64, arm64), Windows (x86_64)
  - Android and iOS
  - Chrome, Safari, Firefox, and Edge
  - Raspberry Pi (4, 3) and NVIDIA Jetson Nano

## Compatibility

- Chrome / Edge
- Firefox
- Safari

### Restrictions

IndexedDB is required to use `Leopard` in a worker thread. Browsers without IndexedDB support

> (i.e. Firefox Incognito Mode) should use the [`LeopardWeb binding`](https://github.com/Picovoice/leopard/tree/master/binding/web) in the main thread.

Reviewer: This is `LeopardWeb` description. You should take a look at Porcupine/Rhino's react readme

run:

```console
npx pvbase64 -h
```

### Leopard Model

Leopard saves and caches your model file in IndexedDB to be used by WebAssembly. Use a different `customWritePath` variable
to hold multiple models and set the `forceWrite` value to true to force re-save a model file.
If the model file changes, `version` should be incremented to force the cached models to be updated.
Either `base64` or `publicPath` must be set to instantiate Leopard. If both are set, Leopard will use the `base64` model.

```typescript
const leopardModel = {
  publicPath: ${MODEL_RELATIVE_PATH},
  // or
  base64: ${MODEL_BASE64_STRING},

  // Optionals
  customWritePath: "custom_model",
  forceWrite: true,
  version: 1,
}
```

### Init options

Set `enableAutomaticPunctuation` to true, if you wish to enable punctuation in transcript.

```typescript
// Optional
const options = {
  enableAutomaticPunctuation: true
}
```

### Initialize Leopard

Use `useLeopard` and `init` to initialize `Leopard`:

```typescript
import { useLeopard } from '@picovoice/leopard-react';

const {
  transcript,
  isLoaded,
  error,
  init,
  process,
  release,
} = useLeopard();

await init(
  ${ACCESS_KEY},

>   leopardModel

Reviewer: you should put options here. I think other animals don't do anything with the options so we mention anything.

)
```

In case of any errors, use the `error` state variable to check the error message. Use the `isLoaded` state variable to check if `Leopard` has loaded. 

### Process Audio Frames

The process result is an object with:
- `transcript`: A string containing the transcribed data.
- `words`: A list of objects containing a `word`, `startSec`, `endSec`, and `confidence`. Each object indicates the start, end time and confidence (between 0 and 1) of the word.

```typescript
let pcm = new Int16Array();
await process(pcm);
useEffect(() => {
  if (transcript !== null) {
    console.log(transcript.transcript);
    console.log(transcript.words);
  }
}, [transcript])
```

You may consider transferring the buffer for performance:

```typescript
await process(pcm, {
  transfer: true,
  transferCallback: (data) => { pcm = data }
})
```

### Clean Up

While running in a component, you can call `release` to clean up all resources used by `Leopard`:

```typescript
await release();
```

> 

Reviewer: mention that states goes to false.

> ## Custom Model

Reviewer: should merge the two model sections into 1.

  stopRecording,
  isRecording,
  recordingElapsedSec,
  result,
  release,
  error,
} = useLeopard();

const initLeopard = async () => {
  await init(
    "${ACCESS_KEY}",
    leopardModel,
    options,
    processOptions
  )
}
```

In case of any errors, use the `error` state variable to check the error message. Use the `isLoaded` state variable to check if `Leopard` has loaded. 

### Process Audio Frames

The audio that you want to transcribe can either be uploaded as a File object or recorded.

#### File Object

Transcribe File objects directly using the `processFile` function:

```typescript jsx
<input
  type="file"
  accept="audio/*"
  onChange={async (e) => {
    if (!!e.target.files?.length) {
      await processFile(e.target.files[0]);
    }
  }}
/>
```

Once the audio has been processed, the transcript will be available in the [`result`](#result) state variable.

#### Record Audio

Leopard React binding uses [WebVoiceProcessor](https://github.com/Picovoice/web-voice-processor) to record audio. To start recording audio, call `startRecording`:

```typescript
await startRecording();
```

If `WebVoiceProcessor` has started correctly, `isRecording` will be set to true.

> **Note**: By default, Leopard will only record for 2 minutes before stopping and processing the recording. This is to prevent buffer overflow. To increase this limit, call `startRecording` with the optional `maxRecordingSec` parameter:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: By default, Leopard will only record for 2 minutes before stopping and processing the buffered audio. This is to prevent unbounded memory usage. To increase this limit, call `startRecording` with the optional `maxRecordingSec` parameter:
```

```typescript
useEffect(() => {
  if (result !== null) {
    console.log(result.transcript);
    console.log(result.words);
  }
}, [result])
```

- `transcript`: A string containing the transcribed data.
- `words`: A list of objects containing a `word`, `startSec`, `endSec`, and `confidence`. Each object indicates the start, end time and confidence (between 0 and 1) of the word.

### Release

While running in a component, you can call `release` to clean up all resources used by Leopard and WebVoiceProcessor:

```typescript
await release();
```

This will set `isLoaded` and `isRecording` to false and `error` to null.

If any arguments require changes, call `release`, then `init` again to initialize Leopard with the new settings.

You do not need to call `release` when your component is unmounted - the hook will clean up automatically on unmount.

## Non-English Languages

In order to transcribe non-English audio files and recordings you need to use the corresponding model file (`.pv`). The model files for all supported languages are available [here](https://github.com/Picovoice/leopard/tree/master/lib/common).

## Demo

> [//]: # (For example usage refer to our [React demo application]&#40;https://github.com/Picovoice/leopard/tree/master/demo/react&#41;.)

Reviewer 2: This is still and issue
